`Link::Standalone`: Update font-weight (HDS-2437) (#1617)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/link/standalone/partials/code/how-to-use.md

- an HTML anchor element `<a>` that points to an external URL (when using a `@href` argument)
- an [Ember component `<LinkTo>`](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/linking-between-routes/#toc_the-linkto--component) that points to an internal application link or resource (when using a `@route` argument)

!!! Info

> Due to diferences in text rendering between Figma and web browsers, the `Button` and `Link::Standalone` Ember components use font-weight 400 vs. the Figma components which use font-weight 500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to diferences in text rendering between Figma and web browsers, the `Link::Standalone` Ember component uses `font-weight` 400 vs. the Figma component which uses `font-weight` 500.
```
